SOURCE: http://profferaid.org/
SNAPSHOT: 20240221154621

Proffer Aid International Foundation | Racing to save lifes
Facebook
Twitter
Google
YouTube
Skype
Instagram
Home
About Us
Contact
News
Projects
All Projects
Upcoming Projects
Donate
Shop
Select Page
Children first
Learn More
Bringing medical technology
Learn More
Bringing medical technology
Join Us
[/et_pb_slide]
People Reached
Members Worldwide
Active Medical Practitioners
What we do
The PAIF is working towards bridging the gap between health care services and the patients. As a known fact in Sub-Saharan Africa, there are many more ill-stricken people who for a number of reasons are unable to access health care.PAIF works hard to reach such persons who appear to be invisible and voiceless. PAIF organizes health events in deep rural areas where governments of such countries seem to have been unable to provide medical care. Our main targets are mainly women,children and aged.However generally our programs are organized on extensive basis to reach all persons needing health care.
In Summary
Advocating
Partnering
Establishing
Upgrading
Organizing
for better health care services in African countries where health services are acutely deficient.
with professional health bodies, governmental & non-governmental organizations and corporate institutions to upgrade health services in these countries.
affordable and accessible health structures such as (primary health centers and local hospitals) to regions where these facilities are not present.
facilities that have been badly managed in the respective primary health centers and local hospitals.
exchange program for health personnel where students and professionals will have the opportunity to impact on the lives of the less-privilege by providing them, with better health care services.
Download "Our Story" Leaflet
Support Proffer Aid

Become a member
To become a member, you will fill out the membership form. To volunteer for a specific event or a short period of time, you will have to fill the PAIF volunteer application. The information on this form will be kept confidential and will help us find the most satisfying and appropriate volunteer opportunity for you.
Download Form

Partnership
PAIF welcomes all kind of partnerships and collaborations with co-operate bodies and NGOs in our field of interest or any other noble human endeavors. We are highly interested in partnership with Pharmaceutical companies, Medical institutions (Government and Private), Medical Regulatory Bodies and Government at all level. Download Form

Donate
PAIF is a registered non-profit organization. Our organization relies on individual and corporate donations. We accept material and financial donations. Online, cash and cheque donations are also acceptable. With your help we can create an unforgettable life changing experience for these under-privileged.
Go to donate page
Advertise with us and support our cause!
Click Here
Advertise with us and support our cause!
Click Here
Advertise with us and support our cause!
Click Here
Support Proffer Aid with your donation!
Make hundreds of people healthier by donating via secure PayPal® or credit card payment.
Why Donate?
Facebook
Twitter
Google
YouTube
Skype
Instagram
© Proffer Aid International Foundation
