SOURCE: http://profferaid.org/news/
SNAPSHOT: 20230601

News | Proffer Aid International Foundation
Facebook
Twitter
Google
YouTube
Skype
Instagram
Home
About Us
Contact
News
Projects
All Projects
Upcoming Projects
Donate
Shop
Select Page
Blue Mission Project - General Email Sender
by paifadmin | May 20, 2023 | No category
Use this form to send emails for the Blue Mission Project Please enable JavaScript for this form to... read more
Blue Mission Project - Registration Response Email Sender
by paifadmin | May 15, 2023 | No category
Use this form to send response emails for the Blue Mission Project registration Please enable JavaScript for this form to... read more
The Blue Mission - Registration
by paifadmin | May 9, 2023 | No category
Submit your details to proceed to the next stage. Full Name * Gender * Select an option Male Female Birth Date Age * Profession * Current Address (please include your resident country) Phone Number * Emergency Contact Number * Email * Social Media Handles * Joining as a solo traveler or as a group? Select an option I am planning to arrive with a group of friends, colleagues, or family members I am planning to arrive solo. (Most volunteers arrive solo; you'll quickly make friends!) Available Start Date * Duration (days) * How did you hear about us? Select an option LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Twitter Family/Friend Website Others Any Past Volunteer Experience? if yes, please share with us. Why do you want to join The Blue Mission Project? Please enable JavaScript for this form to... read more
Don’t Ignore The Red Flags – Mastectomy Did Not Define Me - Event Registration
by paifadmin | Oct 19, 2021 | No category
Fill the form below to register for the Breast Cancer Awareness event “Breast Cancer Screening, Early Diagnosis and Management” Please enable JavaScript for this form to... read more
Don't Ignore The Red Flags - Cancer Genetics - Event Registration
by paifadmin | Oct 10, 2021 | No category
read more
Proffer Aid International Foundation Launches Cervical Cancer Project (Beware)
by profferaid | Jan 18, 2020 | No category
It has emerged that cervical cancer since the past few years has been the second most killer among women in Ghana, second only to breast cancer. Cervical cancer, a cancer infection that is observed on the lower narrow opening of the uterus. This condition may have no symptoms hence may be present but one may not be aware and due to this, it is taken a high toll on our beloved women. Analysts at the World Health Organization (WHO) have anticipated that by 2025, there will be around 5007 new instances of cervical cancer growth and 3361 deaths because of cervical cancer every year in Ghana. The aggregate risk of a woman dying of cervical cancer is about three times worldwide combined risk. Proffer Aid International is a non-profit organization dedicated to addressing health problems within the Ghanaian community. As part of efforts in providing health education and solution to health based problems, we carrying out a health project dubbed Beware in Ghana, specifically caution individuals on health issues through awareness, education and screening. On December 28, 2019 the official launch of the project was held at Accra College of Education Community Library. The motive of the initiative is to create more awareness through the digital platforms to increase the uptake of screening exercise. Since is believed to be highly preventable with the use of cervical cancer screening tools. The General Secretary, Daniel Forson disclosed that the organization intends to raise funds and screen 2000 women within February 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. With the use of our screening coupon, women can walk to any Marie Stopes Ghana... read more
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @twitterapi
Facebook
Twitter
Google
YouTube
Skype
Instagram
© Proffer Aid International Foundation
