SOURCE: http://profferaid.org/projects/
SNAPSHOT: 20230601

Projects | Proffer Aid International Foundation
Facebook
Twitter
Google
YouTube
Skype
Instagram
Home
About Us
Contact
News
Projects
All Projects
Upcoming Projects
Donate
Shop
Select Page
The Blue Mission
by paifadmin | May 9, 2023 | Projects , Upcoming projects
OCTOBER 1, 2023 TO JANUARY 31, 2024 Our Blue Mission Project is an international volunteer project that promotes volunteerism to support healthcare development within Ghanaian communities. By providing public health projects and promoting health education in Ghanaian communities, the project aims to increase access to basic healthcare for those living in rural areas, reduce the prevalence of treatable diseases, and improve the overall health of the public. Proffer Aid mobilizes volunteers to assist in healthcare delivery services in communities in Ghana through mobile clinics, hospitals, and community outreach programs. In many of the communities we work in, we also provide basic healthcare services and raise awareness of critical healthcare issues and diseases. This empowers local communities, improve quality of life, and open an avenue for preventing and treating illnesses and conditions. As an example of how we work towards this mission, one of the goals of our community health outreach is to encourage women to take up breast cancer and cervical cancer screening regularly. We provide free general health screening, including breast cancer education and screening, cervical cancer education and screening, and other health issues. Volunteers’ daily tasks help move us closer to achieving the goal of sharing insights about medicine and how it is practiced internationally. As we move closer to accomplishing this goal, we take valuable strides towards realizing our project and organization missions. Project Details Multiple medical clinics will be held in the city of Accra and villages in the Ashanti, Volta, Eastern, and Central Regions. Additional clinics might be held in the Northern region. During clinics, team members will be assigned to registration, triage, consultation, pharmacy, and...
Don’t Ignore The Red Flags – Mastectomy Did Not Define Me
by paifadmin | Oct 19, 2021 | Projects
It’s October. It’s Breast Cancer Awareness Month, an annual campaign to raise awareness about the impact of breast cancer. Proffer Aid International Foundation, in cooperation with Evolve Pink, is bringing you cancer genetics health education.The All African Student Union and the Ghana University Students Association are both supporting this endeavour. Details of the session are as follows:* Date: Saturday 23rd October 2021* Time: 6:00 PM GMT* Venue: Zoom Register for...
Don't Ignore The Red Flags - Cancer Genetics
by paifadmin | Oct 7, 2021 | Projects
It's October. It's Breast Cancer Awareness Month, an annual campaign to raise awareness about the impact of breast cancer. Proffer Aid International Foundation, in cooperation with Evolve Pink, is bringing you cancer genetics health education. The All African Student Union and the Ghana University Students Association are both supporting this endeavor. Details of the session are as follows:* Date: Wednesday 13th October 2021* Time: 4:00 PM GMT / 1:30 PM EST* Venue: Zoom Register for...
Walk With Me
by paifadmin | Jul 21, 2020 | Projects
Walk with me is a free mentorship platform with an opportunity to network with professionals in various industries. We give you the opportunity to mentor or be mentored in any field possible so far as we have the faculty to support. With over 50 years of experiences gathered from numerous professional and individuals in the various industries not limited to health, education, managerial skills and public speaking, we believe we can lead you to a satisfactory destination. Feel free and reach out to us on your needs for mentorship or the urge to be a mentor. It will be a great pleasure to have u on board. Email us at wwm@profferaid.org for any details on Walk With Me. To participate in this program, please fill the form below Join as a Mentee (Receive training from Mentors) Mentee Signup Join as a Mentor (Train Mentees) Mentor...
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @twitterapi
Facebook
Twitter
Google
YouTube
Skype
Instagram
© Proffer Aid International Foundation
